The moment I entered the Smart-XP at the open day I knew it for sure. This is the right study for me. 2 years I had searched for a study that would not bore me in the coming three years and I finally found it.  The combination of technology, creativity and human interaction make creative technology a broad  study with a lot of possibilities. That was exactly what I liked. A study that does not go into extreme detail about one small subject, but allows you to learn about a lot of different things, so you have a broader approach to problems, because you can look at it in many ways. This idea appealed to me so I chose creative technology.
Now, when ask me what kind of study I do, and I say creative technology no one really knows what it means. It is not a common study. The site of the university says: “Creative Technology challenges you to deploy the latest technology to develop interactive applications geared towards the user’s health, convenience and enjoyment. You will learn how to understand and use smart technology, new media  and creative thinking to influence people and improve their everyday lives.” But this is a way to long and complicated thing to explain to your favourite aunt at her birthday party when she asks how everything is going, so I always try to explain what creative technology is in my perspective.
To me creative technology is having ideas that can make people’s lives a little better. learning to combine the knowledge and techniques from different fields into one product that is useful end sustainable. This is also something I want to do in the future. Creating things for other people. Using technology create a better living environment for everyone. Great examples of other people wo have this goal are Boyan Slat, the 19 year old inventor from delft who found a way to use the ocean itself to rid it from the huge amount of plastic we dumped in it. While diving in Greece, he became frustrated when coming across more plastic bags than fish, and wondered: "why can't we clean this up? He had an amazing idea and decided to try realize it.  Or Daan Roosegaarde, who gave the first lecture I attended at this university. His art is not only beautiful, but besides that it also ads something to the world. For example Dune, the interactive landscape. By placing it in an otherwise unappealing environment, a long tunnel, it made the place interesting. The people who would normally hurry through the tunnel  sopped to watch and communicated with it. It made people happy and the world a little bit better. All of this may sound very idealistic of me, wanting to change the word as so many have tried and failed to do, but the least I can do is try.
 But before changing the world I think I am going to finish the rest of my study. It is going pretty good so far. I almost finished the first module, and I still think I chose the right study. We just finished our first project. I think it looks good for a first project. The assignment was to make an interactive video. We first started with a little brainstorming. After discussing some ideas. We went with the idea of someone being murdered at the UT and you are the one who has to solve it. If you make the wrong choice innocent people may be punished for things they have nothing to do with. During the project we experienced what it was like to build something up from the beginning. First making a rough set up for the script, than adding details to the story. Working in a project group was also something we all needed to get used to. You all have to take responsibility for your part of the project. Making appointments and deadlines for certain parts. In my opinion it went pretty good. Everyone did what they had to do and we made a nice movie. Personally I had some trouble with being precise when we were filming. After we had done a scene 4 times and it still was not entirely what we needed I had a habit of just going with the imperfect scene instead of doing it all over again.  I really liked working on a large project. It is a different way of working compared to for example handing in an assignment every week. Instead you have to plan ahead and think about when you are going to do what. I thing that doing such a project is a very useful skill to learn.
 Altogether I know CreaTe was the right choice for me. The courses are diverse and interesting. The combination of technology, creativity and human interaction is a perfect match for me. To me creative technology is having ideas that can make people’s lives a little better. learning to combine the knowledge and techniques from different fields into one product that is useful end sustainable. In the future I hope to create things that make a difference. This is the reason I chose CreaTe.

